You you let me go
Do you know who I am?
Let go of me
let go
The spirit man is amazing
Come up and hit people without saying a word
You deserve it if you can't find your sister
What's going on?
How did this woman get beaten like a pig's head?
Dad finally opened his eyes
So gloating
How much revenge to seduce my father
Hurt my friends
Do you think this is enough?
You really are a performer
Why do you run backstage when you see me?
I am also your savior
Don't be blind
You're a shitty reference
This regret is what I hired
Do you understand self-directed and self-performed?
that
Where do you intend to go?
Are you my father?
It's none of your business where I go
Are you going to find the man who opened the house?
Sir, I don't know you.
Are you a little too wide?
You treat me as a mistake
Mind your own business
contentment
The top floor is the presidential suite where I live
Come and give me a try tonight.